Hi Janet,

Retention Manager, PhoneNow

I am here with the following I found from the provided dataset. The findings are as below: -

Customer that have number of tech tickets greater than or equal to 6 have high chances of being churned.
The following is the distribution of the number of tech tickets raised by high churn probable customers: -

For 6 number of tech tickets the probable portion of customers being churned is 81.94%
For 7 number of tech tickets the probable portion of customers being churned is 96.55%
For 8 and 9 number of tech tickets the probable portion of customers being churned is 100%

So, the problems of customers having number of tech tickets raised to be 6 or more, must be resolved on priority basis to retain them. 
Out the total 7043 customers, 1869 customers have been churned. 
Customers having ‘Electronic Check’ as their payment method have a high chance of being churned.
Customers who are Senior Citizens have a high chance of being churned. So, giving priority to solve the Senior Citizen would help to retain a huge portion of Senior Citizen Customers
Also, Customers who were not given tech support when needed have been found to be churned. 
The Overall churn rate is (1869/7043) * 100  = 26.54%, which is quite high.

A churn rate of 26.54% is quite high. It’s important to investigate the reasons behind this high churn rate.

Here are a few areas you might want to look into:

Customer Satisfaction: Are your customers happy with your product or service? Conducting surveys or interviews could provide valuable insights.
Product/Service Quality: Is there a problem with the product or service you are providing? It might be worth revisiting your quality control measures.
Pricing: Are your prices competitive? If your customers can get a similar product or service for a cheaper price, they might choose to switch.
Customer Support: How effective is your customer support? Customers often leave because of poor customer service.

Remember, retaining existing customers is often more cost-effective than acquiring new ones. So, it’s worth investing time and resources into reducing this churn rate.